### WIP
Hindenburg is currently not in a particularly usable state, so it's recommended not to use it right now.

# Hindenburg
Hindenburg is a completely customisable, performant and scalable Among Us server, complete with plugins and a sophisticated and configurable anti-cheat.

It uses [SkeldJS](https://github.com/SkeldJS/SkeldJS) to interface with the Among Us protocol, as well as keeping state.

## Starting
Hindenburg has both a load balancer and individual node servers.

### Load Balancer
If the current server is running as a load balancer,

The node servers do not need to be aware of the load balancer and they do not need to be aware of each other,
however the load balancer must be aware of each node in the system.

There is a small amount of configuration required to achieve this, and the default config file generated by running
`yarn serve:load-balancer` for the first time makes this extra easy.

The following template can be added to your config.json and extended to fit your needs.
```json
"master": {
    "nodes": [
        {
            "ip": "0.0.0.0",
            "port": 22123
        }
    ],
    "ip": "127.0.0.1",
    "port": 22023
}
```

The master IP being the IP address of the server that the load server is running on, and
each node IP being the IP address of the server that that node is running on.

### Node
If the current server is running as a single node, you will have to configure the IP and
port.

The following template can be used.
```json
"node": {
    "ip": "0.0.0.0",
    "port": 22123
}
```

The node IP being the IP address of the server that the node is running on.

### Running
In a development environment, you can run both
`yarn serve:load-balancer` and `yarn serve:node` to run the load balancer and the node
respectively. 

In a production environment, you can run both
`yarn start:load-balancer` and `yarn start:node` to run the load balacner and the node
respectively. You can use a tool like [pm2](https://npmjs.com/package/pm2) to run these
concurrently and keep them both alive in case of crashes. Make sure that you run `yarn build`
beforehand.